I'm running though the install process just now to check out what errors I get.

BTW I've updated the version of drupal and the development helper modules in the drupal branch, so my install process is:

Clone the github repository.

Check out "drupal" branch and copy to your web server docs folder.
This should contain the most up to date version of Drupal 6, and also the following modules which are useful for development only, located in sites/default/modules/
* drupalforfirebug
    I recommend installing the firebug & drupalforfirebug FireFox addons)
   * devel
       Standard development module to give quick access to useful functions like rebuild menus, clear cache, etc
        set this up by adding the devel block to left-column in the site config.
* masquerade
    Allows fast user switching to check if shared content/permissions are working, etc - will need configuring in the admin men
   * proxy_setting
       Markus' proxy server mod to allow update checks, etc to work via a web proxy which we had on the
        Nottingham uni campus)

At this point I'd suggest installing the basic drupal setup, eg go to http://localhost/nQuire/install.php, etc.


Ok now assuming drupal is now set up as per a standard install, and the above modules are enabled and set up as per their standard instructions in the admin menu (only use proxy if needed)...

Check out the master branch.
Copy everything to /sites/all/ i.e. the 3 folders libraries, modules, themes
Now go to the modules admin page on drupal again:

Install //ONLY// nQuire Tools-> nQuire Setup Wizard   

INFO: The modules are grouped in to 3 types 'core', 'activities' and  'tools'. The install wizard is the tool to set up nQuire, installing all the core modules and their external dependencies (all includedin github). All the core modules are required to provide the base functionality, the activities add new activity types (e.g. hypothesis, data, etc). Tools are helpers to do things like import/export data, and most of them are rather out of date.

Now go to the "nQuire setup wizard" page on the admin menu

Follow steps 1-4 by clicking on them and following through the pages. As you can see, we're implemented up to "Create Inquiry".

BUGFIX: I have added the required "Views" module to the install wizard - this had been left out previously, meaning users could not be assigned to groups, etc.

BUGFIX: Step 3 creates school, class and subclass groups, but sets them as private, not shown in the groups list. The fix allows admin to assign users to groups to properly set up nQuire.

You need to set up the users so use the admin menu to create the following test users:

student1A, student2A,
student1B, student2B,
student1C
student1D

Then go to "Groups" and click on the number (1) in the members column for each group to add the appropriate users to the given groups.

More to come later, but that's where I'm at in debuging the set-up process and authoring tools at the moment.
